beautiful yeah
beautiful to remind you you're going to
have a tendency in fact if I boarded
that cow Moos and that horse is just a
little bit sluggish and a turn you're
going to have tendency to squeeze or
kick if you don't want to do that
because if you do that what's going to
happen is you're going to be squeezing
and kicking while he's making the turn
okay the time it will be a little bit
off and he's going to rotate up into the
cow we wanted to just turn over those
hawks and hit that straight line again
so the easiest thing to remember to call
is writing that stop get your horse
stops and then let it have to turn in
other words relax your legs you know
right now take it away because i want
you uphold the mountain be stood just
make sure they're not in him and he
should turn around and your legs will be
out of the way in other words you can't
make him turn he has to want to turn on
the job you can look at that cow with
that right rein supporter with the left
leg I love working with people like this
back home right here real hard that's it
yeah yeah now when he turns around this
time okay I want you to pull them apart